1. Deviation from Ku paper on the eigenvalues? 
2. There is this partial least squares (PLS) method that may be useful. Found in 2013 Rato decorr. 
3. DPCA method used to handle autocorrelation, which may not be appropriate. Are we assuming that bond prices are stationary? RCPA and MWPCA can handle nonstationary data. (2015 kete)
4. Some other things to look at: dynamic mode decomposition (DMD) and frequency-based/spectral PCA (from Medium article: https://medium.com/@heyamit10/principal-component-analysis-for-time-series-99a5d5eddac9). 
5. How to access Geweke's paper? 
6. Intuition on non-stationarity and autocorrelation? I know there are statistical tests, but what if I look at a graph? I'm guessing that its generally very hard to eyeball whether something is stationary or autocorrelated? 

Basically, I 
1. reviewed literature. Have a clearer idea of what to do. 
2. implemented static and dynamic pca, saw that dpca didn't really reduce autocorrelation with the methods. 
3. Used both Ku's and Rato's way to find optimal lag, but it just goes to 0 after a few. Doubled checked implementation and replicated results on papers. 
4. Metrics used are T2 (Mahalanobis distance from sample to PCA model space) and Q statistic (quadratic orthogonal L2 distance to PCA space). All methods are based off of comparing incoming observations with these metrics. 
5. Some possible routes. 
  - RCPA is used more for outlier detection, which may be useful for bonds. Uses a forgetting factor and assumes local stationarity. Higher forgetting factors will be useful for more-nonstationary processes.  Model is not updated when incoming sample is observed to be out of control.
  - MWPCA is what it sounds like. Model is not updated when incoming sample is observed to be out of control. Window size depends on how non-stationary it is. There are also adaptive variable-window-length approaches. 
  - DPCA sounds sorta bad rn. 
  - PLS sounds promising, but I'm not sure if this predicts latent variable models. 

6. Essentially what we want to do is MWPCA. 
7. Once baseline models are implemented, I can try mixing methods on my own and talk more there. I have not seen models that account for both autocorrelation and non-stationarity. 
8. I then want to work on implementing PLS, but this requires that the loadings are orthogonal. 

